One way to store data is on spreadsheets.
Sometimes, you need lots of spreadsheets to store data from different sources.
We can visualize the relationships between these spreadsheets using an ERD,
which stands for Entity Relationship Diagram.
This is what an ERD looks like.
Each spreadsheet is represented on a table.
At the top, you will see the name of the table,
and then below, each column name is listed.
SQL is a language used to interact with a database.
It can query one table,
or it can query across multiple tables.
Understanding these relationships will help you gain
insights from your data faster than with other software.